well with this quad it's time for sounds
of the strip
pretty to watch them all leave and then
a lot of smoke John Force gets down with
a 465 with a one but in that particular
run not one of them made any improvement
whatsoever on their position good news
for Robert hight disease its number one
caps remains number two and jack beckman
is number three
he was good news for John Force even
though he'd get you down the racetrack
he's back Fowler watching lane number
two right there it was a good job of
getting the car to recover that could
definitely pay off an elimination yes
sir
they're gone force was in the second
plane and i liked i know a lot of crew
cheese don't like their drivers
especially when you're already in the
show go out there and back belt crews
did the same thing backpal his early and
then smoke to getting down track meet
you at that point mine will just get out
of it but that's my point of not
backpedaling and qualifying when you've
already made a good pass